Psalm 17 a prayer of David here a just
Psalm 17 a prayer of David here a just cause Oh Lord attend to my cry give ear
cause Oh Lord attend to my cry give ear
cause Oh Lord attend to my cry give ear to my prayer which is not from deceitful
to my prayer which is not from deceitful
to my prayer which is not from deceitful lips let my vindication come from your
lips let my vindication come from your
lips let my vindication come from your presence let your eyes look on the
presence let your eyes look on the
presence let your eyes look on the things that are upright you have tested
things that are upright you have tested
things that are upright you have tested my heart you have visited me in the
my heart you have visited me in the
my heart you have visited me in the night you have tried me and have found
night you have tried me and have found
night you have tried me and have found nothing
nothing
nothing I have purposed that my mouth shall not
I have purposed that my mouth shall not
I have purposed that my mouth shall not transgress concerning the works of men
transgress concerning the works of men
transgress concerning the works of men by the word of your lips
by the word of your lips
by the word of your lips I have kept away from the paths of the
I have kept away from the paths of the
I have kept away from the paths of the destroyer uphold my steps in your paths
destroyer uphold my steps in your paths
destroyer uphold my steps in your paths that my footsteps may not slip I have
that my footsteps may not slip I have
that my footsteps may not slip I have called upon you for you will hear me Oh
called upon you for you will hear me Oh
called upon you for you will hear me Oh God
God
God incline your ear to me and hear my
incline your ear to me and hear my
incline your ear to me and hear my speech
speech
speech show your marvelous loving-kindness by
show your marvelous loving-kindness by
show your marvelous loving-kindness by your right hand all you who save those
your right hand all you who save those
your right hand all you who save those who trust in you from those who rise up
who trust in you from those who rise up
who trust in you from those who rise up against them keep me as the apple of
against them keep me as the apple of
against them keep me as the apple of your eye hide me under the shadow of
your eye hide me under the shadow of
your eye hide me under the shadow of your wings from the wicked who oppress
your wings from the wicked who oppress
your wings from the wicked who oppress me from my deadly enemies who surround
me from my deadly enemies who surround
me from my deadly enemies who surround me they have closed up their fat hearts
me they have closed up their fat hearts
me they have closed up their fat hearts with their mouths they speak proudly
with their mouths they speak proudly
with their mouths they speak proudly they have now surrounded us in our steps
they have now surrounded us in our steps
they have now surrounded us in our steps they have set their eyes crouching down
they have set their eyes crouching down
they have set their eyes crouching down to the earth as a lion is eager to tear
to the earth as a lion is eager to tear
to the earth as a lion is eager to tear his prey and like a young lion lurking
his prey and like a young lion lurking
his prey and like a young lion lurking in secret places arise O Lord confront
in secret places arise O Lord confront
in secret places arise O Lord confront him cast him down deliver my life from
him cast him down deliver my life from
him cast him down deliver my life from the wicked with your sword
the wicked with your sword
the wicked with your sword your hand from men Oh Lord from men of
your hand from men Oh Lord from men of
your hand from men Oh Lord from men of the world who have their portion in this
the world who have their portion in this
the world who have their portion in this life and whose belly you fill with your
life and whose belly you fill with your
life and whose belly you fill with your hidden treasure they are satisfied with
hidden treasure they are satisfied with
hidden treasure they are satisfied with children and leave the rest of their
children and leave the rest of their
children and leave the rest of their possession for their babes as for me I
possession for their babes as for me I
possession for their babes as for me I will see your face in righteousness I
will see your face in righteousness I
will see your face in righteousness I shall be satisfied when I awake in your
shall be satisfied when I awake in your
shall be satisfied when I awake in your likeness
likeness
likeness [Music]